<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_yny_dmz_kdc">
    <title>Create a Deliverable in Oxygen Content Fusion</title>
    <shortdesc>How to turn your content into a deliverable using GitHub, Netlify, and Oxygen Content
        Fusion</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Once you’ve connected GitHub and Oxygen Content Fusion to Netlify, you’re ready to
                create a deliverable.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd> In Oxygen Content Fusion, click the project name at the top left of the screen
                    to ensure you are outside of your personal workspace.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the “Deliverables” tab on the left, then select “new deliverable.” A
                    pop-up will emerge, where you will set up your deliverable.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_rqs_mmz_kdc">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Give your deliverable a title, and add a description if you’d like,
                            then use the drop down menu to select the publication you made
                            previously.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure that “automatically trigger build” is selected so that your
                            website updates automatically any time a change is made.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the type of deliverable you want to create: “WebHelp” for a
                            website, or “PDF” for a PDF.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select a template to give the deliverable your desired color
                            palette.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select “upload output using a publishing connector,” select the
                            connector you made before from the drop-down, and click “save.”</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the deliverable you just made, click “build,” then go to Netlify.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_unq_vmz_kdc">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>When you select your project, a link to your website or PDF should be
                            there, which you can follow to see your deliverable.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If you want to, scroll down to “site information” to change the site
                            url from the one automatically generated by Netlify.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
